A small cuddly Nexomon enveloped in fluffy fur that helps it keep balanced on its tiny legs.
This Nexomon is usually very distracted making soft noises and mumbling while absorbed in its thoughts. However, it is among the most intelligent of Nexomon.
When a Cubdy evolves into Lukuma it becomes very grumpy and aggressive, as well as territorial. Yet, it tends to space out from time to time.
A scorching pebble with a magma core which also forms its one eye. When chasing it, be careful not to trip on its trail or your shoes might melt.
When reaching adulthood, Kolphurs fulfills its dream and transforms into a small volcano. Hot bubbles of Sulphur can be seen moving throughout its boiling eye.
This massive magma cyclopes will show you the meaning of pain. Stay away from it by all means.
This colorful water Nexomon moves in large groups. Its shiny scales produce an amazing light effect underwater.
Style and swiftness. Victory with glamour. The appeal of a this Nexomon is equivalent to its skill in battle.
Beauty and power can be found on its silky fins. Fishermen are extra careful when it appears as they might end up facing the Queen of the Sea.
A merry but un-huggable Nexomon who likes to jump and uses its spikes during battle and for protection against predators.
Once it learns to stand on its own two feet, it quickly learns how to shoot thorns. It develops a great admiration for its newly acquired arms.
It can launch projectile spikes from its knees and shoulders, combined with extreme accuracy and cool dance moves?
A quiet Nexomon that can project light from the gem fin in its head. It is often noisy when in a good mood.
It uses the power of minerals to empower its jeweled limbs and generate levitation powers.
A mineral Nexomon with total control of magnetic fields. The crystal shards around it are like autonomous independent limbs used for defense.
It manipulates the wind by using a windmill-shaped antenna. Do not be fooled by its fluffy look, it can summon powerful gusts of wind to defend itself.
After evolving, Heliwurm encloses itself in a cocoon and becomes airborne, drifting on wind currents.
This air ace keeps its durable Helipa shell as a helmet after evolving. Combined with its superior wind powers, it knows no fear.
This Nexomon navigate and communicate with its hive through two antennas, which channel positive and negative electric charges, respectively.
A Zasp is faster and has more complex roles in the colony than a Zumble. It emits electro-magnetic fields to disorient predators, preventing them from entering the hive.
A Zappnic is the highest class in the electric hive. Its sting has enough electric charge to stun anyone.
From the depths of the ocean comes this squishy friend. Its brain power allows it to levitate for some time.
Its primary defense is its four tentacles, which allow it to detect enemies in all directions.
The supreme mind of the ocean. Its psychic powers have been developed to the point where it can lure its lunch from afar.
A basic spectral form yet to be studied. Its grumpy face does not match its kind and gentle actions.
This Nexomon is more scared of tamers than tamers are of it, but most wild encounters still result in a fainted tamer.
An advanced spectral manifestation. No one has ever withstood the glare of the red eyes on its hands. A cold wind blows before it appears on very dark nights.
With twice the curiosity and bravery of other Nexomon, this feline has the courage of a true king.
Its manes vary in size depending on its age. It likes to get into practice fights to hone its skills, so that one day it can lead the pack.
Its majestic figure and great strength make it a figure to be respected. Its roar can be heard up to five miles away.
It's easier to spot this Nexomon during hot days when they are more active. After gathering heat, it shines with a bright red glow at night.
This Nexomon enjoys hiding underneath sand or heavy rocks. Unusually short tempered for its size - even loud noises make it angry.
Even with its reinforced armor, it can move its tail at incredible speeds. This Nexomon is famous on the battlefield.
Not only is this Nexomon heavily armored, it also has fire moving along its tail, making it very difficult to approach.
Faucefant has a playful personality. It enjoys rolling around and surprising its friends by hiding in the grass and showering them as they approach.
It craves attention and will shoot water from its trunk to entertain its spectators.
A stomping water Nexomon. It has twin water cannons on each arm.
You might venture through the forest without even noticing this Nexomon. It prefers dark corners in a thick foliage where it can grow and feed.
The more spores, the more energy. It blooms an extra head to collect more humidity from the air.
A mean-looking Nexomon usually found in the middle of the forest. It means double trouble because of its double heads.
A slow but tough little Nexomon. It enjoys playing with others by carrying them on its shells. This characteristic makes it very popular with kids.
Its strong defense allows it to resist almost any attack while securing a certain victory. Its name derives from having the appearance of a moving fortress.
The amount of vegetation around its tower and legs shows just how slow this Nexomon is. It compensates its slow speed with an unbreakable defense and resistance to attack.
It lives fast and curious, with very short periods of activity followed by naps. Its easily blown away when flying at a high altitude.
Moska can withstand the force of the wind better than Larkitos. Its complex eyes allow it to see approaching objects in slow motion.
A Sakka can fly higher and faster than a Moska. Its annoying buzzing is so sharp that it can shatter thin glass.
Since this Nexomon lives in close proximity to scientific facilities, it was originally believed to be a failed experiment. Recent investigations have discovered a natural origin, however.
Xotor is proof of the natural origin of Chibbits, its hard crystal dome protecting a biological core which acts as both a brain and a heart.
Its body houses complex circuitry and mechanical components. Each of its three sensor eyes is independent of each other.
Its psychic powers are efficient at preventing bad dreams, making this a popular Nexomon to keep around the house and in hotels.
While this Nexomon has a very long history, its origins are still unknown. Maybe for the best...
There are legends connecting Dredrone to inter-dimensional portals. Its inner strings produce a soft sound with lullaby-like effects.
This creepy Nexomon is less dangerous than it appears. Don't let it fool you though! It tends to lose people in the wild by either scaring them or misguiding them.
The only physical part of this Nexomon is the iron maze on its tail, which it uses to lay on sleeping people or Nexomon to induce nightmares.
An apprentices of inner martial arts. It seeks to learn the ways of softness and are already masters of fluffiness.
This Nexomon combines the soft grace of martial arts with some good old-school pummeling. It can move from one style to another without problem and can also use its tail to attack.
It combines fighting styles in its soft movements. A master of timing and evasion, almost as if it was psychic.
Most people are aware of its anger management issues. It can be witnessed exploding just to reset the immense amount of heat in its body.
More volatile and angrier than most Nexomon, it translates this to power, but only on command for the most seasoned tamers.
A bubble blowing Nexomon which stores water in its very hard shell. The eye-like part of its shell is for camouflage purposes.
It walks on two feet and can run very fast, leaving a slime trail in its wake that can be either very sticky or very slippery.
Its shell boasts two horns on an already mean-looking shell, but it really didn't need it to scare its opponents anymore, did it? Its sharp claws can be used to dig traps.
This joyful plant Nexomon has a great sense of friendship and loyalty, and an unfortunate smell that not everybody likes.
Don't upset this Nexomon! The awful smell of its tears causes everybody in the surrounding area to start crying too.
Its tiny legs aren't built for running, so it rolls around to move. The little mace on the end of its tail is said to be as tough as diamond.
It can control rock and crystal with the stone in its heads and can smash minerals to dust with its tail too.
A free soul wandering among the clouds. It likes to be left alone with its freedom, especially when it has a chance to land and get some rest.
Its more social Nexomon than Baloompa, but generally thinks only of travel and adventure.
It uses its two cable-like arms to gather electric particles from the air, allowing it to recharge. It enjoys swinging its arms while doing it.
It handles one type of current on each arm. Its entire body is a big electricity store that can be channeled through one or both limbs.
This Nexomon can come in many sizes. Its passive look and floating movement are compensated with great psychic power.
Despite its appearance, it only has one eye in its body. Its other eye-like parts are psychic sensors to detect different wave types, making it virtually impossible to ambush.
Wherever someone sees this Nexomon, a sad whistling sound can be heard. Its in-expressive face gives it an even more frightening visage.
Its bird-like form is perfect for controlling the shadows. It flies above its opponents, disappearing and reappearing in advantageous places.
Don't leave your belongings unattended around this fluffy Nexomon. It checks every pocket it can for something to steal.
A seasoned burglar. When caught, it never hesitates to show its street fighting skills.
This Nexomon can control fire. Its small antlers collect static energy from the air, while its hooves collect heat from the soil.
It excels at combining attacks, the twin manes made of fire emanating from its shoulders providing natural defense.
Its two huge antlers are real storm attractors, no one has ever seen the true potential of Antlorm's lightning storm when imbued with fire.
It uses its double tail to form whirlpools. Most of its attacks have a spinning effect that ups its potency.
A small, flying Nexomon with delicate but sharp-edged wings that can summon the power of the forest. It uses its tail as a pummeling weapon against opponents.
This Nexomon uses its fluffy chest for defense while landing attacks with its heavy feet. Its twin leaf wings distract its opponents while the bloom on its back allows for greater attacks.
Its wide variety of skills make it perfect for almost any type of tamer. It can use any part of its body as a diversion or to deliver powerful attacks.
This elegant and swift Nexomon is made from the toughest natural metals. Despite its weight, it manages to move without making any noise.
It skillfully digs tunnels, looking for its favorite crystals to eat. Although its incredibly heavy, it makes only a soft dragging sound when moving.
A very sensitive Nexomon with the ability to hear from very long distances away. Its special connection with the wind makes it an excellent weather forecaster.
It has superior senses and is an expert at using supersonic currents. It can hear predators well before they can locate it.
It charges electricity from the objects it locates on the ground.
It flies primarily during the rainy season. Dubbed "Bringer of the Storm" because thunder is sure to follow just after its appearance.
This cute Nexomon can be heard humming for most of the day. Some say it is to train its viperish living hair that seems to have a mind of its own.
Its psychic power is equivalent to the number of creatures on its heads. Each of these creatures have hypnotic abilities, which makes it very difficult to approach.
It can materialize or dematerialize at will and has at its disposal powerful ghostly skills.
It appears in very foggy locations, the wisps at its hands granting the power to materialize objects or conjure illusions.
A tamer's best friend. There are several friendly and loyal Nexomon, but none so much as Moga. For some reason, its always hungry. Do not feed it grapes!
It likes to eat all types of fruit. Even though its able to climb trees with ease, it prefers to shake the tree with its immense strength to force fruit to fall to the ground.
It uses its long tongue to help stabilize underwater, then benefits from a super-aerodynamic tail to increase the speed of its moves.
Its tail can generate light in deep waters. Its whiskers and tongue are said to be acidic and its arms are covered with hard scales.
A wise and ancient Nexomon that lives in tall grass and near rivers. It is rumored to transform into trees in order to go unnoticed.
A very domesticated Nexomon, it is sociable and aware of its own combat capabilities. Not so tameable when it grows up, however.
It excels at telekinetic powers and with only a little concentration can move massive objects at great speeds over vast distances.
Its agility and acrobatics make it a formidable hunter. When tamed, its possibilities are limited purely by the tamer's skills.
This little Nexomon makes use of its fat to power its fire attacks.
Hoglet is more agile than it looks. It tends to hop back and forth while in battle to keep its stamina and fire from fading.
A strong, bulky Nexomon with blazing skills. It trains every day to keep its body fat to a minimum.
A flexible and sneaky Nexomon that resides in the coldest places, it detects movement and temperature using its tail and ear like fins.
It uses its entire body and tail as a giant whip. It can also use its serpentine moves combined with the spikes around its body to attach or detach from any surface.
A light Nexomon capable of soaring in the wind and propelling itself using the two blade leaves on its head. It changes direction using the weights on its lower body.
A dynamic Nexomon whose movements resemble a spinning dance in the air. It has total control of its bodies during flight.
Should you venture into a cave, watch out for moving stalactites! This Nexomon is known to be aggressive and packs a punch.
This spiky Nexomon benefits from all the minerals carried by underground rivers, which adds an extra layer of hardness to its armor.
Pride is the main trait of this Nexomon. You don’t want to make it angry.
Its aerodynamics are above most flying Nexomon. You won’t even see it fly by.
An imposing silhouette soars the skies. One of the largest and strongest Nexomon, its wings can generate winds up to 120 MPH.
It prefers dark places where light cannot affect its eyes. Virtually blind, it navigates using supersonic squeaks.
Its large ears provide two functions: navigation and absorption of electric particles in the air.
Its great hearing and infra-red vision allow it to attack swiftly. It stands on its two feet to channel electricity.
Ever feel like time moves too slow or too fast? Perhaps this Nexomon was playing tricks on you nearby.
Its psychic abilities allow it to rewind memories, making some people believe they've gone back in time.
This Nexomon is in a totally different league than Minets. Studies show it can slow down or accelerate time for its surroundings.
It prefers to be left alone. Should you enter a house haunted by a Folicurse, prepare to experience paranormal activity.
It is said to be behind all the paranormal activity in most haunted places.
An adorable Nexomon dressed as a sailor. Always ready for action and extremely loyal.
This trusty Nexomon is known to take too many risks during battle, making it a little unreliable.
Loyal and super strong, its fighting spirit requires a disciplined and skillful tamer.
It enjoys cooking using only natural ingredients. Don't think it will be willing to share any of its food!
A master of spicy high cuisine. Its opponents always get over-cooked.
A squishy, translucid inhabitant of deep waters. Its carefree personality is contagious.
Although it is seen as being rather intelligent, it cares very little for anything else other than dancing in the water and going with the flow.
This Nexomon can grow up to seven feet. It's best not to underestimate it during battle!
Because of its slow nature, it relies on paralyzing opponents with sleeping spores to defend itself.
It benefits from the sun's power. The colorful flower on its shell is a warning to enemies.
The viscous cover of it shell traps all kind of objects, such as branches, moss, sludge, and curious travelers who dare to touch.
It rolls dirt balls containing various minerals which serve as a temporary shelter.
It is ridiculously strong and able to lift and carry big mineral boulders that it devours during a battle for a boost.
This Nexomon is fast and elusive which makes it difficult to catch. Its hopping movement generates small gusts of wind.
Fandioses are considerably faster than the average Nexomon, but its greatest perk is the long distances it can travel without getting tired.
Its dance is something to be admired. Too bad it also serves as a warning to its opponents of an imminent attack.
Its mechanical appearance and the sheer force of its pincers makes this Nexomon a formidable and intimidating opponent.
Even though it possesses powerful electric attacks, its weapon of choice is an enormous pincer.
Minetor is a walking power plant armed with two gigantic bulldozer-like pincers. Be careful when taming it!
Tundri is a small merry Nexomon that enjoys creating big snowflakes with several different shapes and patterns.
It creates an inaudible sound that can change the direction of a storm. It enjoys hiding under snow to surprise both its prey and its companions.
When wandering through lonely locales, make sure to differentiate real scarecrows from this Nexomon. Its favorite prank is named "scare and chase".
It's always in a bad mood. It doesn't hide away like other ghost Nexomon and instead wants to be seen to give people goosebumps.
A strong willed Nexomon that learns very fast, especially new attack techniques. It gets easily distracted, but always strives to become powerful.
Its skull is as strong as those of mineral Nexomon and can break rocks with its headbutt.
A powerful wrestler with a wide variety of moves, it likes to grab, toss, submit, and smash its opponents while showing off.
A fire Nexomon who loves night festivals. Contact with tamers increases its power and brightness.
It loves festivals and celebrations. It tends to live near towns and often mingles with the townspeople at night.
A powerful fire container with a strong sense of honor. It likes to guide lost travelers to the nearest inn.
A bubbly Nexomon containing a mysterious foam core. Its very curious but shy at the same time.
A Nexomon with a bubbly core. Its body is a perfect mix of active chemicals that produces a nice smell.
A master of disguise with lightning-quick reflexes. Its shears through opponents with its claws in the blink of an eye.
Its eyes grant it an impressive field of view. It also has razor sharp twin leaves on its tail.
A fighting expert with plenty of blades covering its body. Its attack speed is something to behold.
It uses its steel helmet for both offense and defense.
Its armor can resist most attacks while minimizing damage taken.
A versatile fighter, it relies on its armor's durability and superior physical strength.
This cute little Nexomon has a lot of tricks under its wings… and a furry tail.
An acrobatic flying Nexomon with powerful wings. Its wind moves are empowered at nighttime.
This Nexomon is fast and very competitive. When it reaches top speed, it leaves a trail of static that can paralyze whoever touches it.
This Nexomon is among the fastest of ground based Nexomon. Some say it's as fast as lightning and its chirp is so loud that it sounds like thunder as it reaches top speed.
"Be like rubber" its master said, and so it trains tirelessly to attain, as instructed, the state of mind and elastic force.
Master of elasticity, its fighting style is based around stretching its limbs to amass and release power swiftly.
It enjoys playing pranks by linking its mind and body with unwary tamers.
Its dance invokes unknown powers capable of controlling its opponents' movements.
Know to be very territorial, it usually stays in the vicinity of the place it is guarding.
An outwardly calm Nexomon. When it wants to play, it becomes very energetic and jumps around like an excitable human child.
It makes a low-pitched sound that can summon snow avalanches anywhere, at any time. It becomes super energetic when in a playful mood.
Lumbi has a very short temper and is known as a skilled fighter.
It can be found in dark ruins, caves, and abandoned villages. It usually stays away from towns, since it's a walking fire-hazard.
A small and seemingly fragile Nexomon, it relies on its evasiveness and a slippery body to use its water attacks from a safe location.
This Nexomon can jump up to 15 times its own height. Its eyes allow it to see in murky waters while its crown-like fin serves as camouflage.
It uses its inseparable stick to slap at opponents. Thanks to its palette shaped tail, it can swim in any body of water at ridiculous speeds.
Widely regarded as a friendly Nexomon that enjoys the companionship of humans.
Its power comes from its branches. Its root legs are very strong and give it incredibly speed.
It enjoys sunlight above anything else and dislikes the chill of winter.
This Nexomon forms from the purest water inside ice formations. It likes to pose as a stalactite but are often exposed by its breathing.
This Nexomon enjoys exploring and can create or melt ice at will. It often tests its strength by headbutting others.
It can cause avalanches and blizzards with the horn on its forehead, making it difficult to spot amongst all the heavy snowdrift.
It obtains energy from mystical sources. The shards on its back produce a chiming sound and its power doubles if it can eat its favorite meal.
A friendly and warm Nexomon, it is loyal and very protective of those it loves.
Its reflexes are unmatched in the Nexomon world. It can jump very high and force in its legs to use as a fearsome weapon.
It doesn't pay too much attention to anything that could stress it out and lives a tranquil life absorbed in its own dreams.
Bombargrofs is an alert and agile Nexomon, with the ability to learn and use any kind of fire technique.
It can jump, roll, and turn itself into a fire ball which is very difficult to avoid.
A naughty water Nexomon, skillful at stealing items from shores. After being tamed it becomes very loyal and noble.
A black-gloved thief that uses stealth while underwater. Its tail is so powerful that it can cut a tree in half.
A master of underwater stealth. In rivers, lakes, coasts, during heavy rain or fog, it blends in with its surroundings perfectly, waiting to launch its powerful bite.
A special type of Nexomon that is always looking for its soulmate, Singlette.
It releases the sweetest fragrance to attract its soulmate, Singletti..
The amazing plant duo. They have separate bodies but a synergy without match that allows them to fight as a single Nexomon.
Small, cute and a little clumsy. This Nexomon is covered in a hard shell that allows it to roll around deserts.
Its harder shell and sharp spikes don't hinder its movement. It can rapidly dig holes into the ground.
Its body shape allows it to spin like a giant drill.
Its flocks can be found on almost every coast. Sailors use Croo flocks to seek land.
It oversees training the youngest Croos and whoever else wants to join the flock.
Each Navrigal commands a flock of Croo. It is a skillful fighter and a superb strategist.
A fluffy Nexomon that resides on high plains. Its wool allows it to store lots of static power.
It channels static energy through its tail then releases massive amounts of energy in the form of wild electric charges.
It is said that it can see into the future, but no one has ever confirmed this. It can the ring in its forehead to create squeaking sounds.
A powerful and sometimes malicious psychic Nexomon, that people often confuse with Ghost-type. The ring on its forehead creates very powerful illusions
It can power-up any Psychic-type move with the ring on its hand and project powerful beans with its forehead ring. It is particularly skilled at creating multiple illusions.
It hops around on a haunted toy. No one knows its origin.
This Nexomon can be bothersome when it groups with others, as they tend to attack tamers for no reason.
A real nightmare.  Master of the night, always haunting tamers and other Nexomon.
Its adorable appearance belies its foul smell, which is its main defense against opponents.
A friendly and adorable Nexomon, that is always looking to socialize. It can control its smell better than Skunqute.
The once adorable paws of a Skunqeau transformed into pummeling hammers with sharp nails.
A hot-blooded Nexomon whose smoke-like whiskers can produce smoke screens. It has immense strength in its arms.
A fire Nexomon with twin fire blades in its arms. Its speed and powerful whipping tail should be watched.
Its main defense mechanism is to smash opponents with its hammer-shaped head.
It uses its twin hammer head to tackle and knock down its opponents. It also boasts good reflexes underwater and great water techniques.
This Nexomon is full of surprises. Every part of its body is a potential weapon.
It's known to use beautiful flowers and its elegance as a tactic during battle.
Many Nexomon are inclined to serve and obey Floreina. Is it because of its fabulous smell? Or perhaps something more… magical?
A sneaky Nexomon with poor eyesight. The shiny orb on its backs is not its abdomen, but a jewel that helps crystalize its enemies.
Its superb mobility on almost any terrain, strong legs, and large size makes it a terrifyingly good hunter.
Its nest is always covered in shiny cocoons waiting to hatch into numerous Worbs.
This Nexomon packs a powerful kick and can blow any opponent away.
Its kicking power is so great that it uses it to bounce on surroundings to confuse its opponent before landing a final disabling blow.
A curious and intelligent Nexomon. What it lacks in strength it compensates with intelligence and proficiency in electric skills.
The smartest of all Nexomon, it knows practically everything about electricity. You can't allow yourself to make a mistake against it.
This Nexomon is an electrical power emitter and is not just incredibly smart but can also manipulate electricity at will with any part of its body.
A quiet Nexomon. Master of psychic projection. Kids are often scared of it because of its appearance, but it's a very calm, kind Nexomon.
Its projection techniques provide a good defense, but it also takes mimicking to the next level, using its skills to distract and attack.
It takes a keen eye to spot one of these Nexomon. It's the dark ghost of the Nexomon world.
Grimmon is the manifestation of fear. Only brave and expert tamers should approach it, and then with great caution.
Lacking expression, this Nexomon is considered a rare apparition who wanders aimlessly. There is a glimpse of sadness in its masks.
This charming Nexomon loves to sunbathe while leaning on its powerful tail, which it also uses to crack open nuts.
Elegant and flamboyant - exactly the cover it needs to hide its resourceful abilities.
This Nexomon lives in a herd on the slopes of steep mountains. Its fire wool helps keep it warm during blisteringly cold winters.
A daredevil Nexomon that jumps from rock to rock on mountainsides. Its horns generate fire to keep it warm.
It can generate fire from its horns and wrap itself in flames when facing a tough opponent.
This Nexomon excels at putting out fires.
When fully grown, it searches for large bodies of water like lakes. There are legends about a giant Hydrose attacking ships in the past, but there is no evidence to support these claims.
Although living primarily underwater, Auga is considered a plant Nexomon. It helps maintain riverways by keeping the water clean.
It uses its four sensors to search for food and stay aware of enemies. The extension at the tip of its leaf is used to listen to its surroundings.
Quarauga's flowers float around and protect it from harm. It can perform various attacks using any of its flowers.
As its name suggests, Mooline take power from the moonlight. It has adapted several receivers, like its mushroom shaped head, for this purpose.
A spectral Nexomon from the far east. Information about it is sparse at best.
A floating apparition that enjoys chasing people in lonely places or haunted mountain forests.
A ghostly manifestation of ancient Nexomon. It channels ancient energies to gather tremendous power.
Its sharp reflexes - and sharper nails - make it a great hunter and tracker.
Even without reaching its full potential, this Nexomon can outmatch most of its competitors in terms of speed and agility.
Swift, agile, and smart. This Nexomon makes lightning-fast decisions faster than any other Nexomon. Experienced tamers know its true potential.
Its puffy paws are weapons. With its instinct to fight, it can harden itself to bash its opponents.
Nekgiri is an all-around fighter that adds some flashy kicks to its previously learned punching style. It channels its inner energy to generate flames.
A black belt master of the martial arts. Its kicks are only surpassed by its steel-claw style. It can also land devastating kicks covered in flames.
This free spirit of the sea has a natural power that restores entire ecosystems. It moves in groups, and wherever it goes, coral reefs become full of color.
It carries a pearl wherever it goes as both a memento of its childhood and to serve as a booster for its powers. This elusive Nexomon can use the shell in its head for defense.
Dubbed the "saints of the ocean", it makes coral and algae grow wherever it goes. Most of its skills are summoned after a traditional dance with its fan-like tail.
Despite its size, this Nexomon is very self-confident and can be seen hiding under dry leaves or absorbing sunlight out in the wild. It feeds on fruit and fresh leaves.
Sikihobs uses its staff as a weapon and is known for mastering martial techniques from the far east.
Beware of its plant techniques! This Nexomon combines nature with physical attacks to make it very difficult to read during battle.
Born from magnetic mineral deposits, a small rock orbits around it.
Moonette develops a second orb that floats around it. Its hair and skirt are made of pure magnetite filaments that interact with other minerals in its surroundings.
Its body is made of a very strong magnetic material. It uses its orbs to distract enemies.
It enjoys colorful objects and loves all varieties of sweet food.
Palsae boasts more variation in color than Sae, but its colors are not only for show. It uses them to hide among flowers from which it collects its beloved nutrients.
Its color patterns have inspired famous paintings. It's also known for its swiftness, explosiveness, and majestic power.
A cloud-like Electric-type Nexomon capable of separating its body cells to attract energy or avoid damage.
Its body is charged with so much pure energy that it glows. It can connect to power sources with its tail to powering up.
A triple minded Nexomon who likes to chat with itself. Unfortunately, its three inseparable heads don't often agree. Watch out when they synchronize!
Yummo obtains its powers from a sugar rush. It loves all kinds of sweets, especially those with chocolate.
Its symbiotic relationship with sweetness translates into raw power. While a little heavy, it is extremely alert because of all the sugar in its body.
It specializes in using sugar-powered psychic energy. No one dares wonder what would happen if it used it all at once.
Only tamers searching for ghost Nexomon stay when they spot a Muu. Its surrounded by a heavy atmosphere and some say that darkness follows it.
Faster and stronger than Muu, its red eye is perfect for seeing in the dark. It leaves a crimson trail when using its spectral powers.
An undead giant with extreme strength and supernatural powers. Even its tamer gets the shivers when summoning it into battle.
This Nexomon has a very mysterious origin. It can be seen outside of towns disguised as a human. No one knows its expression is so forlorn.
Years of studying human behavior has allowed this Nexomon to take on a human-like form. It is often confused with a real human.
It doesn't like to be close to tamers, which makes it even more angry than it appears to be. It benefits from this anger to power its inner flame.
While its slow and deep breaths give off a calm appearance, its brute force is beyond imagination. It trains with whatever it finds.
This Nexomon is a very rare sight, even for experienced sailors. Its hair becomes liquid when underwater, but outside is silky and brilliant. It propels itself at great speeds with its tail.
Known as the protector of the sea, the few sailors that have seen this Nexomon became mute for weeks because of its beauty and magical powers.
Although this Nexomon lives underwater, it possesses plant characteristics and powers. It occasionally pops out of the water to perform photosynthesis.
An extremely fast underwater Nexomon. Most of its attacks benefit from its slippery leaf-shaped fins and from the air pressure generated from micro-bubbles in its skin.
A cautious, very defensive Nexomon. Tamers requires a great deal of patience to earn its trust, and even more for its friendship.
A lonely Nexomon. Even after earning its trust, a tamer must go through further tests to be truly worthy of leading it in battle.
Soaring like a leaf in the wind, it doesn't worry about speed or agility. It almost seems like it has a sixth sense that allows it to avoid opponents just by letting itself go with the wind.
While its speed is commendable, its greatest perk is its intuition, which allows it to move across the skies as if predicting where danger will strike next.
A small Nexomon that gathers electrical charge from the particles in humid air.
Resonic has several electrical amplifiers throughout its body, especially on its wings, which act like giant lightning rods.
Lovinu is a real mystery, all that is known about it is that it has two different psychic energy charges at each side of its body, as if it were different poles.
Lovidovi is the literal example of duality, its two poles complement each other to keep its powerful psychic energy in check. It loves all beings regardless of what they are.
A quiet crawling Nexomon that can turn transparent in order to mimic its environment. Nobody knows why it prefers to crawl, perhaps it enjoys simply playing with its prey.
This Nexomon is infamous for playfully making its prey nervous until it is tired to fight back. It feeds on anxious thoughts.
An eternal wanderer and master of battle. Its reflexes far surpass those of any warrior, and it can move silently.
This Nexomon's body is made from melting and boiling materials. Its movements are slow, scorching everything at its path. Although it can reshape most of its body, it does have four legs.
From the deepest ice lands, this Nexomon emanates a visible mist that freezes everything around it. It can direct such attacks using the fins on its tail and head.
Its almost impossible to spot this Nexomon unless its willing to get close to you. It has perfect camouflage techniques, moving across leaves and branches in the blink of an eye.
Blizstrong can usually be found in high-altitude locations, with only a few people claiming to have seen it. Giant footprints on hard-to-reach places raise the question of where it lives.
The very few that have been tamed were found in the eye of hurricanes. For some reason, it is attracted to them.
This Nexomon is all about vibrations, hearing and emitting supersonic waves, which it converts into electricity to be stored in its spiky fur.
Its psychic skills enhance its sound and vibration-based attacks. Its floating rings act as giant speakers which create illusion with soundwaves.
A spectral Nexomon full of mysteries, enclosed in an ancient structure. Allegedly created by an obscure curse. Its motivation and purpose are yet to be discovered.
This dragon Nexomon is very friendly and playful. Although it cannot fly very high, it lifts off from the ground and glides when happy.
Even though it can't truly fly, it can remain a few feet off the ground for long periods. Its super strong, with great defense and resistance because of its dragon scales.
Colloquially known as the terror of the skies. A true descendant of the dragons. Its strength, defense, and resistance are overwhelming, requiring a master tamer to capture it.
The smallest offspring of the ancient red dragon, its eyes shine like fire. Don't make jokes about its short arms or you might end up getting roasted.
Its horns and chest are made of fire crystal, the archeological proof that it is a descendant of a legendary fire dragon. It can't fly properly but are nevertheless proud of its wings.
A fire-breathing dragon with powerful wings and horns that appear to be the embers of a fire. The flame on its tail changes to an intense blue color when it gets mad.
Nicknamed the "sentry of winter", this small Nexomon behaves like a soldier and lives mainly in cold landscapes.
This ice dragon leaves a sub-zero trail that allows it to move swiftly wherever it goes.
A huge stomping ice dragon with a prehistoric bad mood. Its frozen heart makes it difficult to tame.
This small seed-like Nexomon makes a curious noise like those of a trumpet. The bulb on its back widens as if it will bloom at any moment.
After the seed on its body germinates, its body develops legs, a vine tail, and a flower crest.
A majestic Nexomon of the forest. It stores solar energy in its bloom crest and tail. The tail also serves as a weapon during battle.
Its mineral crest resembles a steep rocky mountain where it usually resides. It feeds on all sorts of minerals.
Orgot is the only mid-stage dragon Nexomon that can fly. It's often seen flying through clouds. It is the descendant of a mountain dragon.
A true mountain dragon. No one knows how a heavy like this can fly at great altitudes with ease. Its skin and wings are rock-hard.
An attentive and brave Nexomon. Its body is so lightweight that it moves across the air like a feather.
A nimble Nexomon that uses its long fluffy tails to soar in the air unexpectedly fast. It possesses great physical strength.
Its tail is so long that it can be seen holding part of it while standing. Despite being so fluffy, it uses its tail as a weapon in battle. Try not to get hit!
Its tail, forehead, chest, and neck are covered with a thin layer of scales for protection and isolation. Its bite is as strong as its bark.
Its large ears allow for better aerodynamics, while its mid-size wings enable soft landings at speed. Its scales provide extra protection during combat.
It can fly at considerably high altitudes. Its wings, horns, and chest remain as evidence of its dragon legacy. Oh, and it also has the power to summon lightning.
This feathered, viper-like drake produces a stunning humming sound from its rattling tail scales. The crown on its head can reflect light like a mirror.
This elegant Nexomon has legs strong enough to support its body but prefers to hop or levitate using its wings.
A loyal, playful Nexomon with those it has formed a bond with, and a wild beast against those it has not.
If you spot a Deyam in the wild, it's usually as bad as a nightmare you cannot wake up from.
Its deep-red eyes look like portals to another world. Don’t stare for too long or you'll be in trouble!
This bat-like specter prefers nights with full moons to scare those who dare to enter its territory. It feeds on all sorts of emotions, allowing it to control its prey's mind.
It has short legs, adorable big ears, and a huge fluffy tail. Since it isn't a good runner, it prefers to hop.
A fierce prairie hunters, it excels at lurking and then swiftly attacking. Its sense of smell and hearing is astounding.
King of the prairies, it has three tails which serves as both a distraction and to trap its opponents during battle.
Not a recommended partner for those who love to hug their Nexomon. Lume's head, paws and tail are completely engulfed in flames.
The flame on its head as a child became a mane. This Nexomon is the perfect balance of power, speed, and... sharp claws!
Being armed with sharp fangs and claws makes it one of the most intimidating Nexomon one could hope not to encounter in battle.
An amphibious flying Nexomon with a heroic spirit. Its main characteristics are self-confidence and loyalty.
With its water attacks and long tail, its opponents rarely manage to escape its assault. Extremely hard to find and even more difficult to catch.
It has a strange property that allows it to walk on water without sinking. It can reach ridiculous speeds when flying.
An adorable and intelligent Nexomon who knows how to use its charm in its favor during tamer battles. Loves to be pet.
Its mystic eyes are as deceiving as its appearance. Beneath all the foliage are more than just one thorn waiting to be used as a weapon.
Tall and elegant, considered the guardian of the forest and protector of life. It doesn't enjoy fighting other Nexomon and tends to be overprotective of others.
Always eager to prove the durability of its horns, it loves nothing more than a simple headbutting competition.
A great hunter despite its small hands. It has even been witnessed digging mountain passes just by smashing its head against rock.
Abnormally resistant to physical attacks, it can make its tails as soft as mud or as hard as steel on a whim.
A wild Nexomon that inhabits prairies and mountain ranges. It uses its entangled tails to read the wind while hunting.
This Nexomon is an extremely capable hunter and a masters of the wind, using it as a platform to double jump and reach airborne enemies.
A balanced and precise hunter. It can detect and manipulate wind streams from any direction and use them to defend or attack in battle.
A curious Nexomon with the ability to walk on any surface with its sticky feet. It challenges itself to stay hidden from others for long periods of time.
A sneaky lightning fast Nexomon with the ability to blend into any environment. It sends electrical charges to its skin cells, creating a chemical reaction that changes its color.
A fast Nexomon with immense agility and flashy attacks. It can to conceal its presence, but rarely uses it as it is confident in its own strength.
Often mistaken for a Ghost-type Nexomon, it is a Psychic-type with a somewhat obscure sense of humor.
This quiet Nexomon can easily blend into human society. It is a perfect companion, in sharp contrast to its younger form, Masquiti.
It has a mixture of different emotions, which are reflected in its erratic fighting style. Only a true master tamer can take advantage of its potential.
A ghost Nexomon that can be found wandering the darkness. It likes to detach its head to scare off opponents.
Its always smiling regardless of the situation. Having one of its arms occupied holding its head, it uses the remaining limbs to generate powerful ghost attacks.
Noocidal uses all its limbs to perform advanced battle techniques. Thus, it normally has its head attached to its body, unlike Heddecas.
The heaviest of the greater drakes can be seen hunting Tyrants around the Outlands near Parum. Citizens have grown used to this sight, and adventurers use this opportunity to explore without fear of Tyrants.
The greater drake of blaze dwells around the desert, near the entrance to New Ignitia. On extremely rare occasions he travels underground to rest.
This voracious greater drake is busy all day and night waging war against the countless Tyrants who roam the Frozen Tundra for unknown reasons. Glamond can be found sleeping in icy caves, where it has befriended some of the local Nexomite miners.
One would expect to find this greater drake in the woods, but nobody has been able to pinpoint his home. As a matter of fact, there is no documentation of Boscage ever fighting a Tyrant at all, which baffles dragon enthusiasts.
Perhaps the most efficient of the greater drakes. When a Tyrant brings chaos somewhere in the Outlands, Graloon is often seen diving out of the skies like a meteorite. Tyrants have come to acknowledge its strength and actively avoid any confrontation.
Unlike most greater drakes, Tyrake chose to dwell near its birthplace, the skyward country of the Drake Isles. While unquestionably strong, Tyrake does not often confront Tyrants, for they are not foolish enough to invade the home turf of the dragons themselves.
The greater drake of lightning has no fixed location and adventurers can encounter him when they least expect it. Volta's sporadic behavior has troubled Tyrants for as long as they can remember.
The most intelligent of the greater drakes. It often travels from cave to cave in order to locate Tyrants. It probably helps that it can sense when a Tyrant is nearby using its psychic abilities.
This greater drake befriended the ghosts of the Immortal Citadel. It's been theorized that he's under a similar curse as them and, as such, Tyrants don't even bother fighting Krainnull, for it would be a pointless encounter.
This utterly enigmatic Tyrant is... weird? Bizarre? This thing is always staring and smiling. The person writing this entry feels uncomfortable describing Byeol so let's leave it at that.
The devious Tyrant of blaze who dwells in the volcanic region of New Ignitia. This despicable monster will scorch the land until he is acknowledged as the King of Monsters.
A cowardly but stunningly cunning Tyrant. Nivalis does not tend to fight other Tyrants head on, and instead relies on careful schemes to grow in power, slowly creeping towards kinghood.
Tyrant may not be the most appropriate term to describe Tikala, for he actively avoids conflict and seems to lack any interest in becoming the King of Monsters. He spends most of his time in hiding, which is fine by the Guild and other Tyrants alike.
A formidable golem that has been waging war against the Laterians for years. Petram is seemingly indestructible and may very well become the next King of Monsters someday simply by enduring any attack without a scratch.
A puzzling Tyrant indeed. Although Eurus desires to become the next King of Monsters, he doesn't try at all. Despite being undoubtedly powerful, Eurus spends every day relaxing in the Drake Isles and doesn't even mind living amongst humans. To make the situation even more baffling, dragons don't bother attacking him. How is this all possible?
A rare sight indeed, Bolzen's general location is a mystery to most and yet, he always conveniently appears to deal the final blow when another Tyrant is weakened. The Tyrant of Thunder seems capable of traveling throughout the world in an instant, making it a difficult target for the Guild's tamers.
The King of the Netherworld who oversees the Afterlife. A creature even more ancient than Omnicron himself, and thus, perhaps, not even a Nexomon at all. Not much is known about this powerful being, which may be for the best.
The third son of King Omnicron, this primordial Tyrant once engulfed our world in a century of black skies and fire. According to legend, Fona could take the guise of a human being named Fenrir.
The fifth daughter of King Omnicron. This primordial Tyrant of the Seas divided humanity by sinking every ship that dared traverse her domain. Legend has it that she could shapeshift into a human called Merida with questionable volleyball skills.
The treacherous daughter of King Omnicron who machinated his downfall. Nara is the primordial Tyrant of Life, who teamed up with a human tamer millennia ago to defeat her own father. She is presumably immortal, but her whereabouts today are unknown.
King Omnicron's first-born child, Grunda was a titan of unparalleled strength whose very mood determined the fate of entire countries. His final resting place is somewhere in the desert but, even millennia later, tamers still fear to disturb him.
The second daughter of King Omnicron. As the primordial winged Tyrant of the Tempest, she was the very reason humans feared to look up at the sky. She once took the form of a woman called Nadine, but her disguise could barely hold her malevolent aura.
King Omnicron's sixth child. While being relatively young, he is the largest primordial Tyrant. Luxa was a serpent that could smite humanity's greatest armies in the blink of an eye. Legends say that he disguised himself as a man named Zetta to wreak havoc from within cities.
One of Ziegler's creations, Darine is a loyal servant of the Netherworld King. She serves as one of the many wardens in the Afterlife. Not much else is known about her.
Titan was created by Ziegler and serves as a warden in the Netherworld. His main role is guarding the gateway between the mortal world and Ziegler's domain.
A mysterious Nexomon said to appear only to those who have beaten countless enemies and proven their worth.
Amelie's perfect creation. An artificial Tyrant sworn to protect mankind by exterminating other Tyrants once and for all. Vados is exceedingly intelligent, rational, and strong. There is no doubt that he can lead humanity to a new age of prosperity if he so desires.
Amelie's unbeatable aberration at its full power. All around the world, Tyrants cower in fear upon Vados's wake. This is Amelie's ultimate gift to mankind.
The so-called "Tyrant of Light" is a popular bedtime story of a loving and forgiving Tyrant who seeks to protect humans and Nexomon alike. Of course, there is no such thing as a good Tyrant - but every legend has some truth to it.
King Omnicron's true heir and Nara's own child. A supreme Tyrant who is destined to rule every Nexomon in the world and shape its very future, for better or worse. What will you do with such power, [Playername]?+++King Omnicron's true heiress and Nara's own child. A supreme Tyrant who is destined to rule every Nexomon in the world and shape its very future, for better or for worse. What will you do with such power, [Playername]?